README.md, before:

# fastlem-random-terrain

A simple random terrain generator using [fastlem](https://crates.io/crates/fastlem).

## build & run

### Using cargo

```
$ cargo build --release
```

The binary is generated in `target/release/fastlem-random-terrain`. If you want to move it into current directory, run the following command.
```
$ mv target/release/fastlem-random-terrain .
```

### Using docker

```
$ docker build -t fastlem-random-terrain .
```

The image is generated as `fastlem-random-terrain`. To run:
```
$ docker run -it fastlem-random-terrain fastlem-random-terrain
```

Command line options can be passed as follows:

```
$ docker run -it fastlem-random-terrain fastlem-random-terrain --help
```

## Examples

```
$ fastlem-random-terrain --image-size 300:300
```
![terrain](https://github.com/TadaTeruki/fastlem-random-terrain/assets/69315285/d0108ec7-bed7-4dd2-8b5f-48aa4805979e)

```
$ fastlem-random-terrain --colormap-json-filename default_color.json --image-size 300:300
```
![terrain](https://github.com/TadaTeruki/fastlem-random-terrain/assets/69315285/26b82599-01e6-4a8c-80a1-0e9c936d19e4)

```
$ fastlem-random-terrain --colormap-json-filename default_color.json --image-size 300:300 --seed 5000
```
![terrain](https://github.com/TadaTeruki/fastlem-random-terrain/assets/69315285/565bb330-dd3d-4976-8c72-acf3816e499e)



## Options

```
$ fastlem-random-terrain --help
```

```
Usage: fastlem-random-terrain [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -b, --bound <BOUND>
          Width and height (width:height) of the bound [default: 100.0:100.0]
  -c, --colormap-json-filename <COLORMAP_JSON_FILENAME>
          JSON file of the colormap. If not specified, the grayscale colormap is used [default: ]
  -s, --seed <SEED>
          Seed of the noise generator [default: 0]
  -i, --image-size <IMAGE_SIZE>
          Width and height (width:height) of the image. If -1 is specified, the aspect ratio is the same as the bound [default: 1024:-1]
  -o, --output-filename <OUTPUT_FILENAME>
          File name of the output image [default: terrain.png]
  -p, --particle-num <PARTICLE_NUM>
          Number of particles. The larger the value, the more the quality of the terrain is improved [default: 50000]
  -e, --erodibility-distribution-power <ERODIBILITY_DISTRIBUTION_POWER>
          [advanced] Power of the erodibility distribution. The larger the value, the more the erodibility is concentrated on the lower side [default: 4.0]
  -f, --fault-scale <FAULT_SCALE>
          [advanced] Scale of the fault. The larger the value, the more virtual faults effect the terrain [default: 35.0]
  -l, --land-ratio <LAND_RATIO>
          [advanced] Approximate ratio of the land area. (0.0-1.0) [default: 0.6]
  -h, --help
          Print help
```

## License

MPL-2.0

Commit message:

implemented option --convex-hull-is-always-outlet

README.md, after:

# fastlem-random-terrain

A simple random terrain generator using [fastlem](https://crates.io/crates/fastlem).

## build & run

### Using cargo

```
$ cargo build --release
```

The binary is generated in `target/release/fastlem-random-terrain`. If you want to move it into current directory, run the following command.
```
$ mv target/release/fastlem-random-terrain .
```

### Using docker

```
$ docker build -t fastlem-random-terrain .
```

The image is generated as `fastlem-random-terrain`. To run:
```
$ docker run -it fastlem-random-terrain fastlem-random-terrain
```

Command line options can be passed as follows:

```
$ docker run -it fastlem-random-terrain fastlem-random-terrain --help
```

## Examples

```
$ fastlem-random-terrain --image-size 300:300
```
![terrain](https://github.com/TadaTeruki/fastlem-random-terrain/assets/69315285/d0108ec7-bed7-4dd2-8b5f-48aa4805979e)

```
$ fastlem-random-terrain --colormap-json-filename default_color.json --image-size 300:300
```
![terrain](https://github.com/TadaTeruki/fastlem-random-terrain/assets/69315285/26b82599-01e6-4a8c-80a1-0e9c936d19e4)

```
$ fastlem-random-terrain --colormap-json-filename default_color.json --image-size 300:300 --seed 5000
```
![terrain](https://github.com/TadaTeruki/fastlem-random-terrain/assets/69315285/565bb330-dd3d-4976-8c72-acf3816e499e)



## Options

```
$ fastlem-random-terrain --help
```

```
Usage: fastlem-random-terrain [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -b, --bound <BOUND>
          Width and height (width:height) of the bound [default: 100.0:100.0]
  -c, --colormap-json-filename <COLORMAP_JSON_FILENAME>
          JSON file of the colormap. If not specified, the grayscale colormap is used [default: ]
  -s, --seed <SEED>
          Seed of the noise generator [default: 0]
  -i, --image-size <IMAGE_SIZE>
          Width and height (width:height) of the image. If -1 is specified, the aspect ratio is the same as the bound [default: 1024:-1]
  -o, --output-filename <OUTPUT_FILENAME>
          File name of the output image [default: terrain.png]
  -p, --particle-num <PARTICLE_NUM>
          Number of particles. The larger the value, the more the quality of the terrain is improved [default: 50000]
      --erodibility-distribution-power <ERODIBILITY_DISTRIBUTION_POWER>
          [advanced] Power of the erodibility distribution. The larger the value, the more the erodibility is concentrated on the lower side [default: 4.0]
      --fault-scale <FAULT_SCALE>
          [advanced] Scale of the fault. The larger the value, the more virtual faults effect the terrain [default: 35.0]
      --land-ratio <LAND_RATIO>
          [advanced] Approximate ratio of the land area (0.0-1.0) [default: 0.6]
      --convex-hull-is-always-outlet
          [advanced] If true, the edge of the terrain is always the outlet
  -h, --help
          Print help
```

## License

MPL-2.0
